Orchestra, orchestra, orchestra, yeah
He is like (***)
No, I don't like the class, but I just like orchestra in general. ha ha ha
ahh
yes yes
And now because they
You're inspired. You know, that's what I think.
general term yeah
yeah
oh
Yeah yeah
Too much. Too much.
but yeah i feel like without i think yeah without orchestra i don't think
because like there was like in middle school like i was with a teacher who like
Didn't correct my bad habits
So like, because I switched to another teacher and she was like, oh, you're playing all this wrong.
Like I like during that period of time I wanted to
(***) yeah like orchestra was only (***)
yeah
Yeah Yes.
Yeah, we have plasmid.
California will stay.
They were really fun!
Yeah, the rap was fine, and then like...
The people there, I mean...
Some of them are kind of toxic, but that's just from my...
area because like the bay, like those kids, they are just like that.
yeah (***) yeah
(***) hu huhhh
you
Some of the chamber stuff is cool. I don't know.
someone have chambers
(***) Orchestra usual
Oh, yeah, yes
It was like different to like breathing in the music.
it was like one was like fogging up the mirror
And one was like...
ha ha ha
ahh
Ridiculous stuff. Yeah yeah
oh yeah
None of the teachers really like Stolber.
because we are not playing like the rap that like our excerpts are.
We don't play in context. Yeah
We don't want to play like Mozart, really. Yeah, like symphony
Yeah.
It's cuz of Frankie It's just Frankie
ah   ah
strike yeah
It just depends on the person.
Oh really? Okay, yeah, so it's just the person.
Frankie's like, oh, I'm a spreadsheet.
That's true
You're right, because when I had COVID and with the mask, Jacob, like, recognized me.
Yeah yeah.
Yeah yeah
He did that last year. they (***)
He would say he has like a dentist appointment at like 9 p.m.
8PM
ha ha